# OpenWrt-Privacy-Hardening-Install-Script
Harden OpenWrt for more Privacy &amp; Security with an Install script (Optional Transparent Tor)

This project is a shell script to customize your Openwrt installation from your Openwrt ssh terminal. 

The goal is to harden your openwrt to prevent unwanted leaks from going out. So this is mostly a privacy hardening leak-stop-script. The scripts also adds some packages that blocks unwanted traffic from coming in.

Pet peeve: IPv6 has been overlooked by most sys admins due to lack of understanding and the lack of meaningful tools. The result is that big tech is using IPv6 as their back-channel to 'call home'. Many VPN users still wonder why they get identified when they are connecting through a VPN. Modern browsers all have a full IPv4/IPv6 stack build in, complete with their own DHCP client. Librewolf is no exception. So even when you have IPv6 disabled on your (Linux) system, the browser can still use IPv6 to get out. Let that sink in. To add insult to injury, when you are browsing the Internet through your VPN, all your background applications are also chattering away through your VPN, complete with identifiers that unique identify you. Like e.g your ntp client (to keep the time synced). Hence the need for an Isolating Proxy, in which only one application, like a browser/wallet, is allowed to access the VPN. It is up to you to look into configuring this for your desktop system. Firejail comes to mind on Linux. 

One more creepy trivia spotted in the wild: You visit a web page (with an advertisement) that produces an inaudible tone that your smartphone can hear. Your smartphone will than snitch on you. Now you are paired to your true identity.

This script will also allow you to build a transparent proxy with Tor. For example have all your free Wifi users go out over Tor. Not poluting or damaging  your Internet IP reputation. Note: Tor will not protect you if you are not able to 1) black-hole the traffic generated by background applications, 2) proxify your internet app, or 3) redirect the traffic for your Internet app (browser/wallet/etc) to your transparent proxy. How to do this is beyond the scope of this project. So this script will only give you 50% of the solution. 

If you decide to use a transparent proxy with Tor with this script, it is recommended to do this on an separate device (like a Rpi, nano, orange, etc). This way you have the choice of internetting in the clear with great speed or choose to go slower but more anonymity. In effect you have two gateways in your network.

To get started: It is presumed that you run this script after an fresh install of Openwrt. Upload (scp/sftp) this script to your Openwrt device and log in through ssh and than run this script. The script will prompt you so you can input your choices.

Choices have been made to stop the leaking. This may break some things and usability. We go for the low hanging fruit to solve the leaking and these are:
* DNS (that uniquely identify you)
* DNS (that records your internet activities)
* IPv6 (as a channel to escape into the clear)
* DHCP (rogue devices/application finding their way out with no effort)

Dont use this script if:
* You want an DHCP server on your gateway
* You want IPv6 on you Openwrt

Like with every script, have a peek at the code to see if it is going to do what you want it to do. Our roadmap is to add restore from backup to this installation script. Please distribute the knowledge embedded in this file and project far and wide.
